[docs] Add a Kagami note (#92)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/bash.md

## 4. Registering an Account

To register a new account called _mad_hatter_ within the _looking_glass_
domain, run:

```bash
./iroha_client_cli account register \
    --id="mad_hatter@looking_glass" \
    --key="ed0120a753146e75b910ae5e2994dc8adea9e7d87e5d53024cfa310ce992f17106f92c"
```

> The `--id` argument in the above code snippet specifies the _account id_, the unique name assigned to that account in the blockchain, which includes the _domain_ which is a group of things like asset definitions, account id's and other objects that we'll talk about later. The `--key` argument specifies the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--id` argument in the above code snippet specifies the _account id_, the unique name assigned to that account in the blockchain. This name includes the _domain_, which is a group of things like asset definitions, account ids and other objects that we'll talk about later. The `--key` argument specifies the
```

[public key](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography), think of it as the "password" used by `mad_hatter@looking_glass`. 

> Keys come always come in pairs. It is possible to generate a pair of `public` and `private` keys using one of our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keys always come in pairs. It is possible to generate a pair of `public` and `private` keys using one of our
```

> tools, `kagami`. When we've released Iroha, you should be able to install it separately and call like every other program on your system, but for now you can either ask `cargo` to `run` it for you, or build the program and find it in one of the target directories (either `target/debug` or `target/release`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools, `kagami`. Once Iroha is released, you will be able to install it separately and call it like any other program on your system. For now you can either ask `cargo` to `run` it for you, or build the program and find it in one of the target directories (either `target/debug` or `target/release`).
```

To generate a new key pair, run it without any arguments.

To use `cargo`, run 
```bash
$ cargo run --bin kagami  -- crypto
Public key (multihash): ed012088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
Private key: 749682bd40695cfc77b5ad599220a80d69b72db5e5078c259635f8e8d8f3559088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
Digest function: ed25519
```

::: info 

> You can also use the `-a` flag to specify the algorithm  for key-pair generation and the `-s`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `-a` flag to specify the algorithm for key-pair generation and the `-s`
```

> flag to specify the seed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flag to specify the seed.
```

> For example, to generate an `ed25519` key (the default algorithm). 

Reviewer: I'd use another (not the default) algorithm as an example here. You can generate the default without the `-a`, it'd make more sense to illustrate the use of this flag with another algorithm

Author: Thanks, while I tried adding an example for `secp256k1`, I've found an LTS bug, so I won't be marking this section as resolved yet.

```bash
# "cargo run" syntax
cargo run --bin kagami -- crypto --algorithm ed25519 --seed 42
Public key (multihash): ed0120ee7a84e8ed0ecc5ae65968ff5465d2bc16f5c6211bc4de0a3f1591e82845f824
Private key: 790e18703ba023439ee28be38def744ae613cd5e90c643434571b6de80666123ee7a84e8ed0ecc5ae65968ff5465d2bc16f5c6211bc4de0a3f1591e82845f824

> Digest function: ed25519

Reviewer: you forgot to close the code snippet with ```

> Save the key pair, so you can use it for authenticating in Iroha, for
> instance, by replacing the `PUBLIC_KEY` and `PRIVATE_KEY` parameters in
> `config.json` from [step 1](#_1-iroha-2-client-setup).

Reviewer: I don't think you need that much info here, just refer to the step 1, e.g.:

```suggestion
Save the key pair, so you can use it for authentication by
[configuring the corresponding parameters](#_1-iroha-2-client-setup).
```

## 4. Registering an Account

To register a new account called _mad_hatter_ within the _looking_glass_
domain, run:

```bash
./iroha_client_cli account register \
    --id="mad_hatter@looking_glass" \
    --key="ed0120a753146e75b910ae5e2994dc8adea9e7d87e5d53024cfa310ce992f17106f92c"
```

The `--id` argument above specifies the **account name** and the
**domain**, while `--key` argument specifies the

> [public key](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public-key_cryptography).

Author: Absolutely, thanks!

It is possible to generate both `public` and `private` key using an

> internal tool, `kagami`. One can either run `kagami` using Cargo or find it

Author: Can't apply now

in the build directories; for the `debug` build, kagami will be located in

> `target/debug/` directory.

Author: Can't apply now either

> To generate a new key pair, run it without arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a new key pair, run it without any arguments.
```

> ```bash
> # "cargo run" syntax
> # cargo run --bin kagami crypto
> $ ./kagami crypto
> Public key (multihash): ed012088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
> Private key: 749682bd40695cfc77b5ad599220a80d69b72db5e5078c259635f8e8d8f3559088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
> Digest function: ed25519

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To use `cargo`, run 
```bash
$ cargo run --bin kagami  -- crypto
Public key (multihash): ed012088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
Private key: 749682bd40695cfc77b5ad599220a80d69b72db5e5078c259635f8e8d8f3559088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
Digest function: ed25519
```

If you want to copy the program somewhere convenient `e.g. /bin` for system-wide use you need to build it first
```bash
$ cargo build --bin kagami 
$ cd target/debug
```
Move/copy to the destination and from the destination folder run with 
```bash
$ ./kagami crypto
Public key (multihash): ed012088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
Private key: 749682bd40695cfc77b5ad599220a80d69b72db5e5078c259635f8e8d8f3559088a5d0cada6edfd4ad8046da64ffce820c16f0e68a21f98df505becd5011e18a
Digest function: ed25519
```

```

> It is also possible to explicitly pick an algorithm for generating a key
> pair with `-a` flag and seed with `-s` flag:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: info 
It is also possible to explicitly pick an algorithm for generating a key
pair with `-a` flag and seed with `-s` flag:

For example, to generate an `ed25519` key (the default algorithm). 
```

> It is also possible to explicitly pick an algorithm for generating a key
> pair with `-a` flag and seed with `-s` flag:

Reviewer: maybe something along the lines:
```suggestion
You can also use the `-a` flag to specify the algorithm  for key-pair generation and the `-s`
flag to specify the seed:
```

> ```bash
> # "cargo run" syntax
> # cargo run --bin kagami -- crypto --algorithm ed25519 --seed 42
> $ ./target/debug/kagami crypto -a ed25519 -s 42
> Public key (multihash): ed0120ee7a84e8ed0ecc5ae65968ff5465d2bc16f5c6211bc4de0a3f1591e82845f824
> Private key: 790e18703ba023439ee28be38def744ae613cd5e90c643434571b6de80666123ee7a84e8ed0ecc5ae65968ff5465d2bc16f5c6211bc4de0a3f1591e82845f824
> Digest function: ed25519
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
# "cargo run" syntax
cargo run --bin kagami -- crypto --algorithm ed25519 --seed 42
Public key (multihash): ed0120ee7a84e8ed0ecc5ae65968ff5465d2bc16f5c6211bc4de0a3f1591e82845f824
Private key: 790e18703ba023439ee28be38def744ae613cd5e90c643434571b6de80666123ee7a84e8ed0ecc5ae65968ff5465d2bc16f5c6211bc4de0a3f1591e82845f824
Digest function: ed25519
```
```
